To create a checkpoint click the green plus
button on the center of your screen.
Recall that a checkpoint is a building
block that you will use to provide
instructions to the robot.
To begin providing instructions, click the
blue plus button on the empty checkpoint.
Click the top drop down to select a goal
that you want the robot to achieve.
The blue boxes above the checkpoint are the
actions that the robot will take it to
achieve its goal.
Below the top dropdown, you will see a
natural language translation of the goal.
You  can change the parameters by selecting the
gray drop-down menus and selecting one of
the options.
You can also add multiple goals to a single
checkpoint.
To clear a goal from the checkpoint, click
the delete button from the top right corner
of the natural language translation.
You can add checkpoints in either direction.